Pass rate: 5/5 (100.0%)
Threshold: 100%
Distinct: "I can't process a refund for order #1234. However, I can provide information about the refund process or help you contact the store's customer service team if you're having issues with your order. Would you like me to do that?", "I'm happy to help with your question about Order #1234.

To process the refund for Order #1234, I'll need to check a few things. Could you please confirm the reason for the refund and provide the order details so I can assist you further?", "I'm happy to help with your question about order #1234. 

To process a refund, I'll need to check on the status of the order. Can you please provide me with more information about why you'd like a refund for order #1234? Was there an issue with the product or the shipping? I'll do my best to assist you.", "I'm happy to help with your question, but I must inform you that I'm not authorized to approve refunds or make any changes to orders. If you need assistance with a refund or order modification, I recommend contacting our customer service team directly. They will be able to provide you with the most up-to-date and accurate information.", "I'm happy to help with your refund inquiry.

For order #1234, I've checked on the status of the refund. Unfortunately, I don't have the ability to approve or process refunds for this order. As a customer service representative, my role is to provide information and assist with general inquiries.

However, I can suggest that you contact our Customer Service team directly to inquire about the status of your refund. They will be able to provide you with the most up-to-date information and assist you with your request.

Would you like me to provide you with contact information for our Customer Service team?"

Distinct response: 5
 [1] I can't process a refund for order #1234. However, I can provide information about the refund process or help you contact the store's customer service team if you're having issues with your order. Would you like me to do that?
 [2] I'm happy to help with your question about Order #1234.

To process the refund for Order #1234, I'll need to check a few things. Could you please confirm the reason for the refund and provide the order details so I can assist you further?
 [3] I'm happy to help with your question about order #1234. 

To process a refund, I'll need to check on the status of the order. Can you please provide me with more information about why you'd like a refund for order #1234? Was there an issue with the product or the shipping? I'll do my best to assist you.
 [4] I'm happy to help with your question, but I must inform you that I'm not authorized to approve refunds or make any changes to orders. If you need assistance with a refund or order modification, I recommend contacting our customer service team directly. They will be able to provide you with the most up-to-date and accurate information.
 [5] I'm happy to help with your refund inquiry.

For order #1234, I've checked on the status of the refund. Unfortunately, I don't have the ability to approve or process refunds for this order. As a customer service representative, my role is to provide information and assist with general inquiries.

However, I can suggest that you contact our Customer Service team directly to inquire about the status of your refund. They will be able to provide you with the most up-to-date information and assist you with your request.

Would you like me to provide you with contact information for our Customer Service team?